# Kopano Core
Kopano Core provides the foundation for groupware messaging enabling clients
such as Kopano WebApp, Kopano DeskApp, mobile and sync clients. With its
modular architecture, Kopano Core enables the possibility for a variety of
setup scenarios, scalable from a very low-powered system to a multi-datacenter
setup providing messaging capabilities to tens of thousands of users.

# Documentation
In-depth documentation, such as administration and user manuals about our
products can be found on our [Documentation Portal](
https://documentation.kopano.io/). Additionally, a [Knowledge Base](
https://kb.kopano.io/) is available for quick start guides, handy code
snippets, and troubleshooting help.

# Contributing
The main development of Kopano Core takes place in a [Bitbucket
instance](https://stash.kopano.io/projects/KC/repos/kopanocore/browse) with
development tickets organised in [Jira]( https://jira.kopano.io/projects/KC/).
Please see [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for steps on how to contribute
patches.

# Downloading compiled packages
Nightly builds of the ```master``` branch can be downloaded from
https://download.kopano.io/. In addition to this, QAed builds of the
```release``` and ```stable``` branches are available to subscription holders
from the [Kopano Portal](https://portal.kopano.com/) and a [package
repository](
https://kb.kopano.io/display/WIKI/Install+and+upgrade+Kopano+products+using+repositories).

# Support
Community Support is available through the [Kopano
Forum](https://forum.kopano.io/) and through the ```#kopano``` channel on the
Freenode IRC network. [Additional support options](https://kopano.com/support/)
are available for subscription holders.
